

		PLEASE CLICK TO DONATE TO OUR SITE!!!!		
		
Episode #12751 ~ Jennifer, Eric, Brady, & Daniel are rushed to 
the hospital after a horrific car accident; Maggie is faced with an impossible 
decision; Roman has a terrible realization about Eric; Abigail urges Chad to 
believe Thomas is his son.Chad: How do I make you understand? I don't want you anymore. You know it's 
over, yet you come knocking on my door at 1:00 a.m. on new year's day to-- Abigail: I came here to tell you that my son is sick. Our son, Chad. Chad: Wh-- Abigail: Yeah, that's right. Yore the father, not Ben. Chad: That--I'm--I'm what? Abigail: Don't do that. Don't act like you don't know it's possible. You know 
that it is. Chad: Abigail, this is pathetic. You had a paternity test. You told me 
yourself that I wasn't your baby's father. This is beneath you. Abigail: What is? Chad: Lying about something this important just so you can get me back. [Sirens] Kayla: Okay, let's go. Jennifer: Kayla. Kayla: Vitals? Heart rate 90, respiration's 20, BP. 136 over 92. She was wearing her 
seatbelt, and the front and side airbags deployed. Kayla: Did she lose consciousness? Says not. Jennifer: I saw headlights... spinning on black ice-- Kayla: It's okay, it's okay. Jennifer, yore gonna be all right. Jennifer: Okay. Fynn: Kayla! Over here! Kayla: Don't worry, okay? We're gonna take good care of you. Jennifer: Okay. Kayla: All right. Fynn: Blunt force trauma to the chest, and it's bad. I want a chest X-ray, 12-lead 
EKG, and a thoracic ultrasound on him. Nicole: Our fashion show tonight was a freaking triumph. Kate: Well, according to your standards, I suppose it was. Nicole: Is that fun for you? Do you think putting us down keeps you in the 
driver's seat? Let me tell you something, woman, you are wrong. Tonight was a 
dream come true for us, and we are not gonna let you or anyone else turn it into 
a nightmare. Kayla: Oh, my God. Eric. He's cyanotic. Kayla: How are his lung sounds? Markedly diminished on the left-hand side. It's a tension pneumothorax. Kayla: Set me up for a chest tube. Marlena: Whew! John: I'm telling you, fashion shows are boring enough, but if I'd have known 
Ava Vitali was gonna be there... Marlena: You know what? You handled Ava and the fashion show beautifully. John: I did? Marlena: You did. I was proud of you. And now you can put all that behind 
you, because this is officially a new year. A brand new year. Especially a new 
year for the two of us. Kayla: Let's get him to room two. Fynn: I'll get the last one. Daniel. Was he breathing when you got to him?
No. Victor: Well, I took a taste of this stuff in the kitchen. I don't know how 
you drink it. Maggie: [Laughs] I like what it does for me. Victor: Well, I suppose it toasts just as well as champagne does. Maggie: Another toast? Victor: To the love of my life... a beautiful, loving wife, world-class 
mother. Fynn: Fixed and dilated. Do you know Dr. Jonas? Fynn: He's an old friend. Good surgeon. Fynn: One of the best. [Solemn music] Gabi: All I've ever done is print work. I was really scared. JJ: No, you were a natural. You killed it. Rocked the house. Gabi: Don't go overboard. JJ: I'm not. No, seriously, when you walked out in that dress, all I was 
thinking to myself was, "when the show's over, I'm walking out with her." Abigail: Do you really think that I am that pathetic? That I would lie about 
my son being sick? Chad: Oh, come on. Abigail: Listen to me. I had to wake him up to feed him this morning. He 
would barely nurse at all. He was pale and he was listless, and those are all 
signs of aplastic anemia, which is something I had when I was a baby. Chad: So, he had a rotten morning. You want me to believe he has aplastic 
anemia? You can't use a kid like that, Abigail. Abigail: Are you kidding me? Do you really think that I am that desperate? 
You think that I would-- I would invent some illness about my son just to try to 
get you back? I'm here because my son--our son's life might depend on it. Chad: Don't-- Abigail: Yeah, Chad, our son. So why don't you step up? Because your son 
needs you. Maggie: I don't think I can drink to that. Victor: Why not? Maggie: I think you have an ulterior motive. Victor: Me? Maggie: I know that you know it's somewhat uncomfortable for me, having 
Caroline here. Victor: But you were so decent about it when I told you I had to protect her.
Maggie: And you were right. Caroline does need protecting, and she's Bo's 
mother, so how could I not be decent? Victor: I just want you to know, that yore the one I think of when I go to 
sleep at night, and yore the one I think of when I get up in the morning. How 
a cantankerous old man like me got a lady like you, I'll never know, but here we 
are at the dawn of a new year, and I'm looking forward to spending it all with 
you. Yore my inspiration. [Clink] Maggie: Aw. Oh... Kayla: I saw you with Daniel Jonas earlier. How bad is it? Fynn: As bad as it gets. Vanilla yogurt. Chad: Yore baby was premature. You knew he was gonna have problems. Abigail: Excuse me? Chad: What, I'm just supposed to buy all of this? Without a shred of medical 
evidence? Abigail: No, Chad! Why don't you come to the hospital yourself, okay? Will 
that make you feel better? Come and look at all the blood work, the charts. You 
can see everything-- Chad: Okay, what is that gonna prove? Even if he has this, uh, anemia thing, 
he got it from you! Abigail: We liked at Ben's blood also just to make sure that there was 
nothing on his side. And when the test results came back, they showed that Ben 
and Thomas are not genetically related. That is a fact, Chad. It is also a fact 
that you are the only other man I slept with, so unless you want to accuse me of 
lying about that also... Chad: No. Abigail: Your son needs you. And you know what? To tell you the truth, I 
could really use your support also. What happened to you? You used to talk about 
us being a family, the three of us-- you, me, and Thomas. Gabi: So you thought we'd be leaving together? Yore very sure of yourself, 
aren't you? JJ: No, no, no. I didn't mean-- Gabi: I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Listen, um, the models are 
having a little get-together after-show party, and I was hoping yod want to 
come with me. JJ: To a party with you and a room full of models? [Sighs] I'm sorry. I just--I got some other plans. I'm kidding. Gabi: Okay. JJ: Just let me talk to my mom, yeah? She worries. Gabi: That's very sweet of you. So are you. JJ: Hey, mom. Um, it's me. Uh, I'm just with Gabi right now and we're gonna 
be going to this party for a little while. Um, but if yore still up, just 
don't worry. Gabi: So we should get going. JJ: Yeah, but there's just something I've been wanting to do first. Something 
that I've actually been wanting to do all night. Gabi: What's that? Kate: I admit that I was pretty tough on both of you. I tried speaking as the 
voice of the company and I suppose that could have seemed like I was taking all 
the credit. Nicole: There are three voices in this company. Theresa: And you did take all the credit. Kate: And if the evening had been a disaster, I would have taken 
responsibility for that as well. Theresa: Oh, yeah? Well, we only have your word on that. Kate: I wouldn't have liked it, I hate admitting failure, but I would have 
done it. Because the truth is... I'm terrified of failure. Nicole: So you covered by being an arrogant know-it-all? Kate: Pretty much. Nicole: Hmm. We're scared too, Kate. Just...work with us. [Cell phone rings] [Beep beep] Mmm. What's that? Is that your mom calling you back, JJ? [Laughs] [Cell phone rings] Marlena: Oh... [Ringing] John: Who'd be calling at this hour? [Phone rings] [Beep] JJ: Hello? [Ominous music] Nicole: Hello? Nicole: Excuse me. I-I got a message. Theresa: So did I. Nicole: My fiancé was in a car accident--Dr. Jonas. Dr. Daniel Jonas. Theresa: And Brady black-- do you know where he is? He's in exam room four, but he's unconscious, so yoll have to-- Nicole: Uh...Dr. Jonas was in the same car as Brady. Which room is he in? [Rapid beeping] Nicole: Wait--wait, can y-- [Rapid beeping continues] [Steady beeping] Fynn: His heart is damaged. Could be a tamponade. Should I prep him for the OR.? Fynn: We'll have to stabilize him first. I may have to punch the pericardial 
cavity to aspirate the fluid in there. Kayla: He's still wheezing. The chest tube should have eliminated that. His legs and ankles are swollen. Kayla: His heartbeat is still irregular--can I see that blood workup again? 
Thanks. Why don't we order an echocardiogram. Tell them it's stat, all right? 
Thank you. [Somber music] Marlena: Nurse! We got a call about our sons. John: Brady black and Eric Brady. Marlena: There was an accident. John: How are they? Where--where are they? Yoll have to speak with the doctors. Mr. Brady's in room two, and your son 
is in room four. John: Doc...gonna have to split up on this. Marlena: I'll be okay. You go ahead. Go in to Brady--go, go, go! Nicole: Excuse me. Can-- oh-- Victor: I need information on Brady black and Daniel Jonas. Mr. Black is in room four, but his father just arrived. Nicole: They won't tell me anything about Daniel. Victory: Well, they'll tell me. Nicole: I don't understand-- Fynn: I'll tell you. Nicole: Fynn! I-I've been going crazy! Nobody will tell me anything! Maggie: How's my son doing? Fynn: Daniel suffered a traumatic brain injury. Nicole: Oh, my God. Maggie: What? Victor: Is he in surgery? Fynn: His EEG confirms it's too late for that. Nicole: Too late? Victor: Why? Maggie: What? Fynn: I'm so sorry I have to tell you this... but Daniel suffered brain 
death. Maggie: Oh! No! [Sobbing] No! No! [Both sobbing] [Somber music] [Steady beeping] Chad: I want you to take this story you made up, and I want you to get out!
Abigail: Who are you? Who is this? Who is this person talking to me? This 
isn't you! Chad: Then who the hell is it? Abigail: I don't know. Honestly, Chad, I'm not sure, because the Chad that I 
know would--would drop everything in a second if I told you my son were sick. In 
a second! The Chad I know would never act like this. I remember the look on your 
face when you told me that you... loved me, Chad. I remember the man who came to 
save me, came to save my son. Who sat here and told me a stupid bedtime story 
just to help me fall asleep at night. That is who you are. Chad, that is the 
real you, and who I'm looking at now has to be something else, has to be...I 
don't know. André's creation of you or something. [Somber music] Chad: No! This is what you do! [Breathing hard] Stop trying to use me. Get out! Abigail: I'm not-- Chad: Get out! Abigail: No! Chad: Get out, get out! Abigail: Stop, Chad, no! Chad: Get out! Abigail: No, please, just-- Chad: Get out! Abigail: Listen to me! Stop it! I don't know how you live with yourself! 
Chad, no, Chad-- Chad: Get out! Abigail: Stop it! [Gasping] [Somber music] [Chad wheezing] Nicole: I don't--I don't understand, I mean, if his... if his heart is 
beating, then how can he be-- Fynn: The heart has A... it has a pacemaker independent of the brain. It's 
getting oxygen because of a respirator. Nicole: Okay, then--then if he's on a respirator, doesn't that mean there's 
some--some hope? Fynn: He's on a respirator because...he's an organ donor. [Nicole sobs] Nicole: This can't be. It just--it--it can't be. Not Daniel, not Daniel. And 
I wanna see him. I wanna see him. Fynn: Why don't you take a little time? Nicole: No, please, I want to--please let me see him. Fynn: He's in room one. [Women sobbing] Fynn: Daniel's been my friend forever. I can't tell you how sorry I 
am. Victor: Come with me. Maggie: Where are we going? Victor: Someplace where you can sit down and have some privacy. [Maggie sobbing] Victor: Oh, he's not coming back! [Murmuring, crying] Marlena: [Whispers] Eric. How could this happen? Kayla: He suffered a collapsed lung, and I'm waiting on the results of an 
echocardiogram. Marlena: Well, is there something wrong with his heart? Kayla: I have to ask you-- do you remember him ever having an upper 
respiratory infection? Marlena: Uh...s-sure, uh... yeah, sometimes that would-- that would happen in 
the winter. Does it have something to do with this? Kayla: I don't know yet. Maybe not. Theresa: I... listen, you just need to keep fighting, okay? I, um...I talked 
to your doctor... and he's trying to stay positive. But he's not making any 
promises and, um... [Sniffles] Listen, I worked here long enough to know what that means. 
So...yore gonna--yore gonna have to do your part, okay? I mean, 'cause Tate 
and I... we need you. We need you, Brady, and we can't lose you, okay? [Sniffles] Oh, God. [Soft clicking, beeping] [Monitors continue beeping] [Machines whirring] [Somber music] Nicole: [Crying] Your hand is still warm. Okay, can you just do me a favor? 
Could you tell me I'm having a bad dream? 'Cause I think something like this... 
they happen to other people, they don't... happen to someone like you. Around 
here yore everyone's rock. The guy everyone counts on. Especially me. You and 
I--we work things out. And we were gonna have it all so don't you tell me it's 
gone now. [Sobbing] Baby... don't tell me yore gone. Please. Especially when I can 
still hold your hand. I can hold your hand, baby. [Sobbing] How am I gonna live without you? I 
can't. I can't. I love you so 
much. Jennifer: Thank you. JJ: Of course, mom. Is--is there anything else I can do? Jennifer: You can tell me what happened. I just--I remember-- I remember 
headlights then... I remember something hitting... JJ: I know, mom. Jennifer: Me. JJ: I don't know anything. As soon as the nurse called me, I cam straight 
here. Jennifer: Okay. JJ: All right, I'm gonna call Abigail and let her-- let her know that yore 
gonna be okay. Jennifer: No. No. I don't think you should do that. JJ: What are you talking about? Jennifer: I remember what I was doing. JJ: Okay. Jennifer: I was going home to get things for Thomas. JJ: What things? Jennifer: He's here at the hospital. He may have to spend the night. JJ: What's wrong with him? Jennifer: He got sick this morning and Abigail just got really scared so he's 
here under observation. He was fine when I left, but... now I don't know. He's 
in pediatrics. Can you go check on him ad make sure? JJ: Mom, of course. Absolutely. Okay? But don't you think I should call 
Abigail and let her know that that you can't be with Thomas? Jennifer: No. No. No. You can't because she's with Chad right now. JJ: What is she doing with Chad? Jennifer: When they were doing test to figure out what was wrong with Thomas 
they did genetic testing on your sister... and then they had a unit of blood 
from Ben... and... the results confirmed that Ben is not Thomas' father. JJ: Oh, my God. Jennifer: And then Abigail told me that she and Chad-- JJ: I get it. Jennifer: And she needed to tell him tonight, so, I don't know, they might be 
here at the hospital. JJ: Okay. I'm gonna go find her. Okay? She needs to know about your accident. 
I am so glad that yore gonna be okay. Jennifer: I love you, baby. JJ: Love you too. [Cell phone ringing] [Cell phone beeps] Abigail: Hi, JJ, what's going on? JJ: I'm at the hospital. Abigail: What's wrong? Is everything okay with Thomas? JJ: Um... yeah, I think so, um... Abigail: And mom's with him now? JJ: No, um... I called you because, um... something's happened. Roman: What did Kayla say? Marlena: Oh, he has a collapsed lung. She ordered an echocardiogram. She 
wouldn't say why. She asked me if he'd had an upper respiratory infection. I 
just--I don't know what that means. I don't even know how this thing happened.
Roman: I do. There was a three-car accident on the bypass. Eric's car was, 
uh... it was coming at Jennifer in the wrong lane. Jennifer's car hit a patch of 
black ice and she went into a skid. Marlena: Well, then his car must have skid too. Roman: No. He was driving drunk. Marlena: No. No. No. Victor: How's he doing? John: Well, the doctor said that he's holding his own. Victor: Whatever the hell that means. John: He also said that Brady suffered blunt force trauma to the chest and 
his-- his heart's been badly damaged. Theresa: God. Victor: Well, he's young, strong, healthy. John: Yeah, that's a fact. So right now all we can do-- we'll just sit tight, 
we'll wait until they can tell us more. Theresa: Where's Maggie? Oh, God, I'm sorry. I--I don't know what I'm saying. 
She must be with Daniel. [Sighs] John: How's he doing? Victor: Daniel my, uh-- my godson who was like a son to me-- I'm afraid 
didn't make it. [Machines whirring] [Monitors beeping] Nicole: [Crying] [Nicole and Maggie crying] Maggie: [Sobbing] Abigail: Are you sure that mom's okay? JJ: They still have to do, um, some more tests and stuff, um, on her, but she 
seems okay to me. Abigail: Okay. I love you, JJ. JJ: I love you too. [Dramatic music] Chad: La famiglia. Kate: Excuse me. Um, two friends of mine were admitted here tonight. They 
were in a car accident and I was wondering if you could tell me their condition. 
Daniel Jonas and Brady black. [Heart monitor beeping] [Gentle music] Victor: Maggie? Maggie: Is Brady all right? Victor: It's touch and go. Too damn hard to get a straight answer around 
here. Maggie: Not in every case. Victor: I'm sorry. That was insensitive of me. Maggie: [Sobs] It's all right. Victor: I came by to say good-bye. Maggie: [Sighs] I'll go, and I'll let you do that alone. Victor: No, please, you stay. We both love him. We're in this together. [Maggie sniffles] [Nicole sniffles] Daniel: I know I just got done talking to you a couple minutes ago, but I 
heard this song on the radio, and I thought it would be perfect for our first 
dance. Of course, it just ended. Well, I guess that just gives me an excuse to 
tell you again how proud I am of you, Nicole, always. Always. Tonight you 
just... [Sighs] I love you so much. So hurry back. I cannot wait to celebrate with 
you, snuggle. [Nicole crying] [Somber music] [Soft music] [Marlena crying] [Maggie crying] [Nicole sighs] [Nicole sniffling] Nicole: Baby. [Sobbing] Baby. [Knocking on door] Kayla: Um, I'm sorry to bother you so soon. I--we wouldn't. It's just, this 
is important. Victor: What is? Fynn: Brady's heart-- I'm afraid it's not going to recover from the damage 
suffered in the crash. Maggie: Oh, no. He isn't going to-- Fynn: He can survive this but only if he has a heart transplant. Maggie: Oh, my God. [Crying] Fynn: And I'm afraid there's more. Victor: More? Kayla: Um... when we were examining Eric tonight, we discovered that he has 
an infection of his heart. Victor: Because of the accident? Kayla: No. He's probably had it for a while, not even knowing he had it. Fynn: That's how it happens in young healthy people. Kayla: Yeah, it often follows an upper respiratory infection or Lyme disease.
Maggie: So what does it do? Kayla: It causes inflammation and damage to the heart muscle, which is what 
caused Eric to go into heart failure. Fynn: Both men need donor hearts as soon as possible. Victor: I'll get on the phone. I'll throw some money around. Kayla: Hear me out first, and then you can do that. We're both here because, 
um, we discovered that both Eric and Brady are compatible with Daniel's blood 
type. Maggie: [Crying] You want to give one of them Daniel's heart? Fynn: Given the nature of the situation, I think we can bypass the donor 
registry. [Maggie sobbing]Fynn: I'm so sorry. Kayla: I wouldn't ask you to deal with this. I know it's so soon. I know that 
Brady and Eric are dear to both of you and... Maggie: Yes, they're Daniel's two best friends. But if I agree... which one 
gets my son's heart? Kayla: I'm afraid it's up to you. [Maggie sobbing]Try today's  or
, 
! 
     		

		
		
		
	
			
			
		Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite: 
		|  |  |  |  

		PLEASE CLICK TO DONATE TO OUR SITE!!!!		
		
Episode #12752 ~ John offers to make a huge sacrifice for 
Brady; a bereft Nicole lashes out at Jennifer; Chad reels when he receives 
confirmation that Thomas is his son; Ciara, Joey, Claire, Chase, Theo & their 
pals sneak into Club TBD to have a New Year's Eve party.[Elevator bell dings] Abigail: What are you doing here? Did you know someone in the accident? Chad: What accident? Abigail: The accident, the pile-up on the-- my mother was in it. Chad: Is she okay? Abigail: JJ said that she's okay, but I don't know, I have to check. Why are 
you here, Chad? Chad: I'll do the paternity tests, all the genetic stuff. Abigail: Really? Chad: Yeah. I want put this craziness to rest. Once the test results come 
back that I'm not the kid's father, we're done. Abigail: That's not gonna happen but... I'm glad yore here. Chad: Not for you. Abigail: Yeah, I know that. I know that yore not here for me, but whatever 
happens with us, it just matters that Thomas is well. Roman: There's got to be something else. This can't be it. Marlena: Roman-- Roman: I'm gonna chase down some answers. There's got to be something else 
they can do for our son. John: You heard what the doctors said. What do you think? Marlena: It's not what they said. It's what they didn't say. That's just how 
he slept when he was a baby. My precious boy. Theresa: Brady. You remember earlier tonight? When you told me that 20 years 
from now, yore gonna-- yore gonna tell our son about the night his mom 
became a star? I'm holding you to that. Okay? You don't get to get out of that. 
You don't--I'm gonna-- I'm gonna hold you to that. Nicole: I will keep this... forever. [Sobs] This was gonna be the happiest day of my life. And all the days I was 
gonna share with you. [Sobs] How am I gonna live them without you? I love you so much, baby. I love 
you so much. [Sobbing] Maggie: This can't be where we are. Kayla: I'm so sorry. Maggie: [Sobs] Daniel says yore a great surgeon-- a friend. You know, there 
has to be something. Kayla: Maggie, if there was any chance, any hope at all that we could save 
Daniel's life, you know that we would do that. But he's gone. But his heart 
could save another person-- either Eric or Brady. Maggie: [Sobs] How is this my choice? Kayla: Because yore his next of kin, and your name is listed on his organ 
donor paperwork. You need to decide who's gonna get his heart. Jennifer: [Groans] Hey. I'm good. I just-- I'm just trying to get 
comfortable, that's all, but I'm fine. JJ: Yeah, I can see. Jennifer: Did you find out anything else about the accident? Was there anyone 
else hurt? I mean, I know there were more stretchers, so there has to be-- JJ, 
tell me. JJ: It's Daniel. Victor: Kayla, this is unacceptable. You can't expect Maggie to make that 
choice. Kayla: I wish there was another way. Maggie: Eric and Brady. How do I choose between those two men? How can I even 
think about Daniel being gone, let alone-- Victor: Don't make it her choice. Kayla: I didn't. Victor: Oh, bull. Maggie: Oh, Victor. Victor: We're not losing Daniel tonight. Not tonight. His heart's beating, 
he's breathing. There must be something-- Fynn: Mr. Kiriakis, the machines are only keeping some functions going so 
that the organs remain viable. I'm sorry, but Daniel's gone. Victor: He'd want you to try harder. Maggie: [Sobs] No, he wouldn't. Fynn: He left end-of-life directives on exactly how and when to discontinue 
treatment. If yod like to see them-- Maggie: I have. Fynn's right. This is beyond what my son ever wanted. Kayla: You know, Maggie, Daniel spent his life saving other people's lives. I 
think he made it pretty clear that this would be his dying wish. Help him save 
one more life. Maggie: So they will both die without a transplant? Kayla: We don't know for certain, but I don't know what their chances are 
without a transplant. Maggie: [Sobs] I watched those boys grow up, but right now, all I can think 
about is my son, the one I had so very little time with. Kayla: Maggie, if I could give you any extra time, I would. I understand how 
cruel this is. Victor: Then why the hell are you doing it? This is a doctor's choice. Kayla: Victor, listen to me very carefully. If it's a doctor's choice, then I 
have to follow the protocol of the national donor registry, which means that we 
would have to report Daniel's organs are available for donation, and they would 
just go to the people at the top of the list, anywhere in the country, and Eric 
and Brady would lose out. The only way that I can do this where it will not cost 
me my license or put the hospital in legal jeopardy is if the next of kind steps 
up and identifies a donor here that is compatible and meets the criteria for an 
emergency transplant. Victor: Yore putting your ass on the line for these boys. Kayla: Not without Maggie's help. It has to be you. Maggie: [Sobs] Joey: [Laughs] Henry: Dude, that was impressive. Theo: How'd you know the alarm code? Joey: Aunt Adrienne had it written down next to the key. [Laughter] Chase: That is, like, security 101, buddy. Joey: Yeah, I will thank her tomorrow, but tonight? Ciara: Party! Theo: Yeah. Joey: Whoo! Chase: Yeah! Whoo! Theo: Happy new year. Ciara: Whoo! Joey: Happy new year. Abigail: Chad, yore not promising me anything by signing that. Chad: So that's clear. Abigail: [Scoffs] Yeah, that's clear. If you aren't the father, then yoll 
never have to hear from me again. Chad: Yore calm about that. Abigail: I can live with you not wanting me. But your son could need you, and 
if he's sick and you could fix it, then you have to help him because he is your 
family. Chad: If he is... yore right. Nothing matters more than family. JJ: There was a car coming at you in the wrong lane. He probably caused the 
accident. Jennifer: He? JJ: Eric Brady. Jennifer: [Sobbing] Oh, God, please don't tell me. JJ: No, he--he's here, but he's in bad shape. Mom, he had been drinking at 
the basic black launch. Jennifer: Oh, God. JJ: The units on the scene-- Jennifer: He's the one who hit Daniel? JJ: I don't know. Jennifer: Oh, God. JJ: At that point it was-- it was just a big pile up. Jennifer: I can't believe he's gone. JJ: Me neither, mom. And mom... Brady, he was in the driver's seat. Jennifer: Please tell me he's okay. JJ: He lived. He needs a heart transplant. So does Eric. And Daniel is an 
organ donor. He's gonna be able to save one of them. Maggie: Tell me, medically, again. I know there are no guarantees, but do 
either Brady or Eric have any chance to recover without the transplant? I mean, 
is there any other course? I mean, is there any other treatment? Fynn: There is an aggressive antibiotic regimen that could be tried in Eric's 
case. It's barely out of trials and results are mixed at best. There are also 
side effects that make it risky. Maggie: So...not much hope. Victor: Give me some time, Kayla. I'll find another donor. I said I would.
Kayla: No. Victor, please. You can't sound the alarm with the donor registry. 
Otherwise, we are going to have to go through the regular channels with Daniel's 
organs. Victor: I'll be discreet. Fynn: And fast. We don't have much longer before we have to do the 
transplant. Nicole: [Sobbing] (Music plays) Chad: They said it won't take long. At least the paternity part won't. Abigail: Good. Chad: Yeah, I don't get why yore so sure, Abigail. You had a paternity test 
before the baby was even born. Abigail: That test is wrong, Chad. Ben isn't the father. We tested his blood. 
It's not a match, we double and triple-checked it. Yore the father, just be 
prepared. Chad: We'll see. Abigail: Dr. Oakes. Dr. Oakes: Hi. Abigail: Hi. That was fast. Dr. Oakes: I don't have any of Chad's blood work yet. We're running that now. 
I just wanted to let you know Thomas is looking better. It's possible it was 
just a viral infection. We're running his tests now too. I should have some 
answers for you shortly. Abigail: Okay, thanks. I'll be here. What? Chad: Is this a set-up? Now the kid is sick from something else? Abigail: [Chuckles] I don't know, Chad, I really don't know. It's a paternity 
test. That's exactly what it is. Chad: [Chuckles] Abigail: Don't you want to know if you have a child? Chad: I already know. I'll be outside. Call me when you have the results. Abigail: Wait. Come with me. Five minutes. Please. Theresa: You know what else? [Laughs] I forgot to tell you this because of new year's and the show and 
everything, but...earlier today, Tate pulled up on the coffee table, all by 
himself. God, he was so proud. [Laughs] And he--he walked halfway around the table before he sat back down. 
He's gonna be walking pretty soon. And you can't miss that, okay? You don't get 
to leave me alone to experience all these milestones by myself, Brady! But you 
know what, it's not just me, okay? There are a hell of a lot of people who need 
you around, all right? Your dad and Shane... and me, and the-- [Sobbing] Baby? Your mom is here. I'll be back, okay? I love you. Mwah. [Sobbing] Maggie: It's okay. Nicole: [Sniffs] Maggie: [Sobbing] [Sighs] I tried to pray on this. But I realized that I needed good, 
compassionate advice. And you were--you were the one who always gave me the help 
I need. [Sobs] [Sighs] I never... [Sighs] I never would have wanted to live... to see you leave this world. I 
wanted-- you deserved so many more years. Happy years. But here we are. It 
doesn't surprise me that you would leave your heart behind...to save someone 
else. I'm so proud of you, my son. I'm so lucky to have known you at all. [Chuckles] It would have been so easy for me to be angry all the time. The 
childhood with you that we lost. But instead, I'll get to... remember... and 
remember--remember-- [Sobbing] All the precious time that we had. [Sobbing] Dr. Oakes: I'll go check on the test for you. Abigail: Come here, Chad. Take a look. Chad: I've seen him. [Baby babbles] Abigail: Well, then what's the problem? Come over here. [Baby cries] Abigail: Chad, you must know. That's your son. Chad: Nothing. That's not my kid. [Baby babbles] [Eerie music] Chad: Somebody misses his mom. Abigail: [Gasps] [Laughing] Abigail: Oh, my God. Ciara: To Joey, and this totally g-rated new year. Chase: To g new year. Theo: Hear hear. Joey: All right, I'm sorry. I didn't know they were gonna lock up the liquor 
cabinet, jeez. As I locking the door wasn't enough. Henry: Well, apparently it wasn't. Chase: Ah. [Laughter] Ciara: Hey. What's up? Claire: I'm just thinking. Would you ever want to live on your own? Ciara: Yeah. Why? Claire: Um, I think I kind of will be. You know, my dad's in Maine, and mom's 
doing whatever that is we saw tonight. Ciara: Yes. Claire: Feels like my family blew up. Ciara: Yeah, well, at least they're alive. Claire: God, I know. Sorry, that was really stupid. Ciara: It's okay. Claire: You and chase have it way worse. And I'm so glad that your mom's 
still here. Ciara: Unless she goes to jail. Oh, yeah, I think she shot a guy. Joey: Okay, okay, you two, break it up. This isn't a pity party. Theo: Yeah. Chase: Yeah, come on. Henry: Let's play. Chase: You want to play a party game? Henry: Why not? Truth or dare? Ciara: All right. Victor: Tonight. Anytime in the next couple of hours. Of course. If anything 
changes-- I understand. Kayla: Do I even want to know who yore asking about this? Victor: It doesn't matter. There are no hearts available. I even had an 
associate check the regular donor network. No names or locations. Nothing 
available that matches Brady or Eric, even if we pushed them to the top of the 
list. Kayla: I know. Why do you think I'm doing this? Victor: You got a lot of guts, lady. Kayla: Has Maggie made a decision yet? We really need to get prepping. Victor: I'll go talk to her now. Maggie: [Sobs] God has already... taken Daniel. And I'll just... [Sighs] I'll just have to accept that that is part of a divine plan. [Sobs] But if even God hasn't taken Brady or Eric, how can I choose which one 
lives or dies? [Sobs] [Pop music playing] Chase: Okay, dare. Henry: I dare you to kiss someone in this room that you like. Chase: We're not playing spin the bottle. Choose something else. Henry: All right, just tell the truth then, to someone you like. Chase: Well, I like... any band but this one. I'm gonna change the song, 
okay? Joey: Whoa, whoa, hey. Handpicked by the lock pick . Chase: Okay, but I get the next song. [Both laughing] Ciara: Hey, Joey, your turn. Joey: Okay. Truth. Ciara: All right. Have you ever been in love? Theo: Ooh. Claire: Ha ha. Joey: Once. [All gasp] Chase: Really? Henry: Son, I had no idea. Details, come on. Joey: Ah, forget it. Theo: Come on. Ciara: Is it someone that we know? Joey: No, she's older. Chase: Oh, ho, ho, ho, nice. Henry: Ooh. Does she have a sister? [Laughter] Joey: Cool it. Theo, it's your turn. Theo: Okay, truth. Joey: Claire? What's his question? Claire: Oh, um-- [Laughter] Claire: Okay, what's the worst thing that has ever happened to you? Ciara: You don't have to answer that. Theo: It's okay, it's really easy. When my mom died. Claire: God, that was a rotten question, I'm sorry. Theo: Well, how about this? My dad just found out that I have another sister, 
and she's a cop too, so they work together all the time. Joey: Uh, I don't get it, Theo, how is that a bad thing? Ciara: Well, I guess because Abe should be around more. Theo's getting 
bullied, guys. Theo: Ciara! Ciara: What? It's nothing that you should be ashamed of, man. Joey: Are you serious? Who's bullying you? And how? Theo: It's just texts. Ciara: Vicious, stupid texts. Claire: Oh, God, that's so weak. Only a coward does that kind of crap. Chase: Yeah. Theo: Have any of you guys been bullied? Or have you been a bully? Abigail: Chad, what? Tell me what yore thinking. Dr. Oakes: I have your test results. [Dramatic music] Maggie: I don't know enough about medicine to make this choice. I need the 
odds now. Victor: I thought it wasn't about gambling. Maggie: It shouldn't be. But if I have to decide... [Sighs] I want...to give my son's... heart... to whoever needs it most. Victor: Well, I think the doctors have told you all that they could. Now you 
have to go with your gut. What do you want to do? Maggie: [Sobs] I'm trying to think of what Daniel would want. Victor: Yeah, me too. Maggie: You haven't said that once. Victor: What? Maggie: Brady. Your grandson. You just lost your son. How could I ever let 
your grandson die? But... if I save Brady instead of Eric, how could I ever look 
Marlena in the eye, or roman, or Caroline, any of the family? And even if I save 
one of them, I'm probably condemning the other one... to death. [Dance music playing] Ciara: Guilty. I was a bully, kind of. Chase: Kind of? This girl abused me so much. It's practically how our parents 
met. Ciara: Oh, come on. Henry: Uh, I've been bullied. It blows. If you ever find out who it is, let 
me know. Claire: Yeah, tell all of us. Ciara: Yeah. We're yore posse, man. And if that coward ever shows his face, 
we're gonna go say hello. Joey: What she said. Henry: Yeah. Chase: Yeah. [Laughter] Theo: Would you guys get superhero costumes? [Laughter] Ciara: Well, we need superpowers. Chase: What would yours be, Ciara? Ciara: Stopping bullets. Theo: Yeah! Chase: Wow, that's useful. Claire would definitely have to use her voice. Henry: I'd be irresistible. [Laughter] Joey: Yeah, man, not a superpower. Henry: Uh, I disagree. It trumps all superpowers. [Laughter] Ciara: What would yours be? Theo: I'd fly like a boomerang. Yod never see me coming. Claire: Very useful. Ciara: Nice. Meanwhile-- jhiiing! Force field. Chase: [Imitates force field] Joey: I could use one of those. Chase: Yeah. Henry: Dude, who couldn't? [All imitating force fields] Ciara: [Laughs] Yeah, guys, that's it. [Laughter] Claire: Totally set for the new year. Ciara: Yeah. Joey: No one and nothing can harm us. Theo: This is way better than new year's resolutions. Henry: New year. [All cheering] Ciara: Happy new year! Abigail: The results? You-- Dr. Oakes: Mr. DiMera is Thomas's father. [Baby cries] Chad: You--yore sure? It's not just a common blood type or-- Dr. Oakes: Definitely. Yore a carrier for von willebrand's disease. Thomas 
has the marker too. Abigail: Wait, say that again. What? Dr. Oakes: It's a common blood disorder. You have type 1, which is a low 
factor of WWD, but it's good to know. There are several precautions that you 
have to take with Thomas, but you should be fine. A lot of people have the 
marker and never experience any symptoms. Abigail: So he'll be okay then? He's gonna be fine? Dr. Oakes: He's fine. Yoll be able to take him home soon. Abigail: Okay. Thank you. [Dramatic music] John: What do you got, doc? What are you reading? Marlena: Oh, it's the protocol for the new antibiotic treatment they want to 
use on Eric. Roman: What does it say? Marlena: Um... well, it just--it seems pretty high risk, especially if you 
haven't begun it earlier. I don't know if it's worse to see him like this... or 
hope that he...wakes up... because if he doesn't open his eyes... I'll never see 
his eyes again. Never, how can that be? Victor: Just do what gives you peace, Maggie. Maggie: I can't imagine that, after this night. Victor: Then don't. Don't decide. I guarantee you Daniel never meant for you 
to be put in this position. It's impossible. Leave it to the moirae. The fates. 
They say the thread that measures one's life is cut at birth. Maggie: Then I have no control. That'd be comforting, almost. But what if the 
fates decided to take both Brady and Eric? [Knocking at the door] Kayla: Maggie-- I'm sorry, it's time. We need your decision. [Sad music] Kayla: We need to start prepping one of these men for the transplant. The 
heart won't be viable much longer. Maggie: I understand. John: Give Daniel's heart to Eric. Maggie: John? Victor: What about Brady? John: No, it's all right. I've given this a lot of thought. Maggie: What? John: There's another donor for Brady. Victor: Where? You found a donor? John: Me. I want to give my heart so my son can live. [Sad music] Chad: This doesn't make any sense. Abigail: Hi, little man. You hear that? Yore gonna be okay. Chad: This is a set-up. Abigail: This is your son. Chad: Stop that. He's fine. He was never even sick. Abigail: This isn't a set-up. I would never do that to you, Chad. [Baby babbles] This is your son, and I'm giving you the opportunity to know 
him. Nothing else matters. Chad: You don't mean that. Abigail: Do I want more from you? Yeah, of course, I do. Chad, I always will. 
But this isn't about me. This is about your son, and he needs you. He needs his 
father. [Baby babbling] Abigail: Hi. [Baby squeals] [Baby babbling] Try today's  or
, 
! 
     		

		
		
		
	
			
			
		Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite: |  |  |  |  